
Our Message
To create a conducive educational environment that empowers our students to aspire towards and achieve great heights. This is achieved through the provision of a comprehensive, world-class curriculum that fosters critical thinking, self-motivation, and personal development, while also encouraging creativity and innovation. Our goal is to educate learners in the principles of godliness and imbue them with a sense of morality and purpose.
As educators, we have a rewarding and challenging career. We are rewarded by the joy of children’s laughter and by watching them grow into independent, unique individuals. We are inspired by our ability each day to help children meet new challenges, learn new things and discover the world around them.

Our inspirations are our children. We are here for them and we will give them nothing but the best. We can be trusted to be the second parents to your children.

This is our ministry, we love it.




Message From The CEO
Happy Kids School is an educational institution made up of well trained teachers, students and their parents to constitute a unique family. Ours is a family that is happy as our name denotes.

We nurture children from the Pre-school to Junior High School (toddlers to adolescents) through total education. In addition to academic excellence, we view arts and the social life of our students as equally important. This is evidenced through our diverse co- curricular activities available in the school for students such as drama, music, dance, life skills, creativity and volunteerism. As such, we raise independent, confident and assertive leaders ready for the 21st Century.

Our new school at Dawhenya in the Greater Accra Region of Ghana has a hybrid curriculum of Ghanaian, British and Montessori. Our vision is to have students with a strong academic foundation ready for both national and international schools in Ghana, Africa and beyond.

As a family, we learn, work and develop together as in our school motto. This attitude and experience remain in the hearts and minds of our students well beyond their school years.

We have a strong sense of volunteerism through Scouting, Guiding and community projects. This has influenced the lives of both students and staff and has placed most past students in leadership positions in the secondary and tertiary institutions as well as in work places and volunteer organizations.

Please take some time to browse through our website to appreciate what we do. We welcome your family to our school. Others have never regretted the Happy Kids School experience. You won’t too.

Thanks.

Jemima N. Nartey 

CEO






Pre-School
The Pre-school curriculum takes care of the following subjects:

Numeracy
Writing
Picture Description
Songs/Rhymes
Educational Video/Computer Games
Languages
Environmental Studies
Religious and Moral Education
Music/Dance
Creativity
Physical Education
This department is ably manned by trained professional teachers who are very competent and committed to their job. The long and rich teaching experience of our teachers has helped in laying a strong academic foundation for the school.






Primary School
HomePrimary School
This department’s curriculum takes care of the following subjects:

Mathematics
English Language
Natural Science,
Religious & Moral Education
Creative Arts
French
Integrated Science
Citizenship Education
Information and Communications Technology
Ghanaian Languages (Ga / Asante Twi)
Physical Education
Pupils are prepared for entry into the Junior High School in Primary Six.






Junior High School
HomeJunior High School
This department serves as the final stage of basic education where students undergo a 3 year programme to write the Basic Education Certificate Examination (B.E.C.E) to enable them proceed to the Senior High School.

The department’s curriculum includes:

Mathematics
English Language
Integrated Science
French
Ghanaian Languages (Ga/ Asante Twi)
Basic Design and Technology (B.D.T)
Social Studies
Religious & Moral Education
Information Communication and Technology.





Achievements
HomeAchievements
ACADEMIC EXCELLENCE

The school can boast of professional and graduate teachers who are very competent in their subject areas. Members of staff are well equipped with the requisite knowledge about their respective jobs for excellent performance. This provides students with the best environment for knowledge acquisition.

The school has presented a total of 294 students through 9 (nine) batches to write the Basic Education Certificate Examination since 2005 and has produced 100% results with distinction. Our students have a track record of outstanding performance which has enabled them to proceed to Senior High Schools of their choice and furthered to the tertiary institutions. Some of the schools attended are; Mfantsipim Senior High, Mfantsiman Girls Senior High School, Adisadel College, St. Augustine’s College, St. Louis Senior High School, Labone Senior High School, Achimota School, Krobo Girls Senior High School etc. just to mention a few.

We are also proud to have past students who have either completed or have pursued further studies at the University of Ghana, University of Development Studies, Kwame Nkrumah University of Science & Technology, University of Cape Coast, Ghana Telecom University College, Central University College, University of Professional Studies and various Nursing Training Colleges, Colleges of Education and the Polytechnics. We also have past students who are studying in tertiary institutions outside Ghana such as University of Virginia (USA), Cornell University (USA), University of Bayreuth (Germany), University of Clermont-Ferrand (France). Our students have proved themselves as worthy ambassadors of the school. This is an attestation of our good status as a school that gives a firm academic foundation at the Basic level.

 

MUSIC

Our musical prowess which we have worked hard over the years to sustain has also projected the school to greater heights. Our exploits in music circles have been that of excellence. The Harmonic Choir (school choir) has showcased excellent singing prowess at national functions. Notable among them was their splendid performance at the 2013 Annual Democracy lecture under the auspices of the National Commission for Civic Education and held at the National theatre with His Royal Majesty Otumfuo Osei Tutu as the Guest Speaker.      The choir also has to its credit a Musical Album titled “Yesu Ye Madamfo” which was launched in the year 2005 and has since enjoyed air play on some radio stations.

The Music Department of the school has produced a school hymnal which was unveiled during our 20th Anniversary Launch recently. This is to help raise our pupils’ commitment to singing.

The Harmonic choir stands out as a shining star and our pride.




School Activities
HomeSchool Activities
The school acknowledges all important events that help to make us distinctive through the observance of the following:

1.    Founder’s Day – 30th January

2.    Appreciation Day – 14th February

3.    Prayer session with parents of Finalists – Last Sunday before B.E.C.E

4.    African Union Day – 25th May

5.    Induction Service for New Staff and New Pupils at the beginning of a new academic year

6.    Teachers’ Day – 5th October

7.    Funfair with parents – Yearly

8.    End of Year carols Service – In December

9.    Annual Staff and Management Seminar (SMS): Yearly.

10.    Happy Kids got talent – Last Saturday of the 2nd term









Download Application Form
Download the application form from here.

Alternatively, you can pick up application form at Front Office at the School’s premises

Complete Application Form
The required documents include immunization records, school records, a passport photo, relevant medical  documents where necessary (in case of allergies and other medical conditions) and a copy of the student’s current ID (passport, NHIS, National Identification Card).

Schedule a Placement Test
Students are required to sit for a diagnostic placement test in math and reading. This test will help us determine how best to meet the academic needs of each student.

Letter of Admission
If all of the necessary requirements are met, families should expect to receive a Letter of Admission within a day. Students will be assigned to a grade level based on their age, past school records and placement test result.

Commence School
Lower and Upper Primary students shall be assigned grade level and class.

Secondary students will meet with the Secondary Principal to select their semester courses